hi everyone a bit jumpy from ms
Evanescence long and welcome to another
free sample video sorry that it sends
the weight things here a bit crazy so I
am like three months behind so bear with
me as I kind of have a lot but not
really a lot but I also want to say that
today's video is sponsored by posh and
if you don't know what Pasha is I'm
going to be doing a second video
six-player Pasha's and I'm also going to
be leaving all the links below so you
can check them out and go shopping but I
want to give a huge shout out to posh
and Riley for sponsoring today's video
so you're going to be seeing the pot
product throughout the video and I'm
also going to be showing some of the
samples that they sent me and a freebie
that they gave me for hosting a party so
let's go ahead and get started with that
so one of the first samples that i got
from posh was the skin joy honey honey
and this is a healing body cream and oh
my gosh this smells so good it is to die
for and it works like amazing I put it
on my feet at night and they wouldn't
crack it because they were scratching
the sheets and everything oh it's just
you'd have to try it the next thing I
got was the Bahama berry sugar lip scrub
and this is great you put this on and
you can actually lick it off because it
is real sugar and it tastes so good and
then after you followed up with the
chapstick that is actually caffeinated
and it helps your lip so that they're
not trapped and everything and they look
good like I've been using it since I got
that stuff and they already so much
smoother even my husband Candela
different I kissed him is like wow your
lips are really close it was great the
next sample I got was the cackle spackle
and this is a phase Minh and oh my gosh
my face after use it was glowing and it
looks so clean and I actually posted a
picture of it and i will put the picture
on my blog closely you can see that i'm
not kidding this stuff makes your skin
glow the next thing that I got was hello
sweetie and it is a big fat yummy which
this box here and it's just a hand cream
and i did a video if you follow me on
snapchat where i use this hand period
back here and you could see how dry my
hands and everything word i put it on
and then i showed how after I
immediately put off I could open the
door because it soaks in and everything
dries up I don't know if you can see now
my hands still don't look cracked and
everything and they look great so the
next samples that they sent me were the
gender bender which is a chunk and this
one Riley actually did a video and i
will see if i can get it and post it on
my blog post so that you can see where
she wrote in sharpie'd her name and her
daughter's name on her hand and then she
scrubbed it off in it almost completely
came off and she used a different though
but if she would have done it just a
little bit longer but it completely came
up so this is great like if you're
working on a car and your mechanic or
anything like that or you just have a
hard job you need to get dirt and stuff
up this is great because it totally
takes it off this is good stuff the next
one that I got is hot mess and this is a
another big fat yummy hand cream I
haven't tried this one yet but I so far
I love their big fat yummy hand creams
I'm sure this one is just brightens the
other one and this one is the Stay Gold
face map so I'm assuming this one's like
the caracal spackle the thing about the
capital spackle that every it has
charcoal in it so it opens up all of
your pores all fits great and right now
Riley is actually doing a thing where
you try the cackle cackle and then you
do a buy or strip on your notes to see
the difference and see like how much
flight heads and everything and it could
have your skin so I am doing that and I
will let you know how that one goes but
yeah this is another face mask it can't
wait to try to my show you the car
tonight so I'll do a before and after
picture and also put that up a blog post
so that you can see the next one that I
got is PFF look natural best face / at /
and this one is an exfoliating daily
face wash and then you follow it up by
the 19
make you are the one this is also a
natural facial moisturizer and my really
good friend tries it and she posted a
picture so I'm going to get the picture
of her after you can see that her skin
is glowing and it looks so much more
clear it's amazing that I am in love
with washed up and I threw a party for
my friend Riley and so she gave me a
free big fat yummy hand cream and I got
the ice cream for ice cream and this one
is sweet fresh cream and vanilla they
all smell so good like I got my order so
I got this and then this kit back here
and when I open the box it smells so
good i was in the post office because
i'm so excited i open it in the post
lady was like holy cow it smells
delicious in here so once again I want
to thank posh for sponsoring this video
and Riley thank you visited by yummy I
love it and I will leave all the links
below once again but let's get ready for
the rest of them and like I usually
start I'm going to go ahead now and
start with the magazine so I got ok
magazine up weekly sports illustrated
golf weak link outdoor life outdoor
photographer western horseman Rolling
Stone men's health Teen Vogue 17 Family
Circle Harris taste of home town and
country red book Oh Oprah Magazine this
old house Martha Stewart Living
good housekeeping and this magazine I'm
just barely getting in this my favorite
in style home is design and as Lea
Michele I am obsessed with her since she
was on Glee and yes and welker she's my
woman crush just in case you were
wondering ok the next thing that I'm
going to talk about it paparazzi jewelry
I don't know if you guys have heard
about them but I met this lady at our
local fair and I through a facebook
party for and I also won the contest so
I was able to get a lot of free pieces
so first up I got the one that I am
worried for free I got this necklace for
free I got lift my clothes for free
I got these earrings and I got these two
bracelets and therefore my nieces and
actually have another one that didn't
get shipped to me that is for my
sister-in-law cape so I think ok the
next thing that I got my mom actually
got for free for me is that Utah shirt
from Adobe and it is so comfy I love it
I got from the highlights magazine drop
the state stickers and Idaho's missing
because I put it on my dog's collar I
got a happy birthday card looks like
said the length on the inside from RC
willey I got a soccer ball I got the set
no one ever i hate free stuff and this
is from co types and as you can tell i'm
open it you guys should pull them now
i'm doing i'm boxing for you guys have
fun for Kotex left three
oh cool it gave you like a little recipe
try some free recipes I got some panty
liner and some tampons and I got a
dollar up coupon that's fun from Disney
they I got some disney stickers from
deseret book I went to their ladies
night thing with my mom and we were one
of the first 100 so we got a pillow and
it says come what may and love it by
Joseph Eve worsen
I can't read it oh yeah now I'm going to
put that on my couch it'll be soup the
next thing I don't know the guy can see
I have a box here so I'm just kind of
digging in so far those crazy video but
the next thing I company sent me was
these are laundry bag and the funds to
put like your stockings or your bras and
something so that they don't get tangled
and you can pull them out they sent me
through these and they sent me a larger
one that's four sweaters and stuff and
they sent me two of those and then
accept me three these little one and
then they sent me two of the
medium-sized ones and these were really
good to put your stuff in so that you
don't like dry it if you don't want to
dry it and post my husband not dry my
sweaters when you go to laundry oh I got
this hit okay and it's one of those
multi-purpose covers about that for
review and take it in my future whenever
I have a child I not
sorry super low I got these bad so you
can store stuff in and I'm thinking they
would be good for like swimming suits
after I go swimming and stuff headed for
the pool beach bags you give a beach
toys in them you can just use it for
storage like even like a vegetable like
put potatoes or something in it so i got
those three of them I got the RIA mune
recovery formula I got three of the good
morning from highlands seize the day
after a sleepless night I got this yobt
how good can you fill I got ginger and
detox I got to mex care sensitive skin
bandages and it looks like they come
with a coupon I don't know what poor
bike helmet off so that's cool and I
really sensitive skin so I'm so excited
for these especially cuz my cats cut no
time like one of them got company only
can't even tell that's a baby cut
anyways who ripped over my pin cuz they
got mad at me and they're doing that all
the time the next thing I got was
emergency and they gave me a super fruit
and just one hundred or a thousand
milligrams vitamin C I got the fiber one
90 calorie mint fudge brownie I think I
got this run from general mode sure the
next thing I got was from cozy and it's
a little sandwich holder you can put
your name on it
and it helps keep your sandwiches for
rash and the Gulf of super cute so if I
ever travel and make a sandwich I kind
of crushed and oratory can I tried out
for the sandwich seek work well i got
from smith friday freebie which there is
one today's i'm so excited about it's
the bell via biscuit breakfast biscuits
so i'll definitely be leaving early for
that below so make sure you float it to
your card and if you don't have a guard
get a car to make sure you have a Kroger
store but I got the stride gum in
peppermint I got the organic argan oil
and I believe you put this like in your
shampoo and stuff and it helps your hair
another friday freebie I got the karmic
classic lip balm and cherry medicated
from crowd tap I got the churro
hydrotherapy what's in moisture either
and this stuff actually bothers my skin
fight like i said i've really fun person
i'm probably going to be giving this to
my sister Whitney so I Whitney one less
thing I saw was the T neato strawberry
example and my husband's got right in
and I also got a blue everyone and he
brought it to work and threw away the
box of her calamari turns out with the
show but I did get a blueberry wanna be
in this cereal is so yummy it's by
General Mills to a less thing or that
for the screen protectors premium
tempered glass screen protector for my
phone and yeah this is a 2-pack got that
and I also got another
protector when I got my free phone pay
cut my last one actually start early
shipping because I dropped it we're
gonna set it up but I love this one
because it still think it's like one of
those ones that have like the double
protection but I haven't put on the
screen that came up it well I have my
phone I should just show you my free
audible book but i got i got the leah
remini troublemaker and this book was so
good oh I love her men other books that
I got what the Melissa explains it all
cookies there we go and that book was
also really good both of them look
Carrie my story well next thing that I
got for these 11 piece detail brush pack
and I also got the premium acrylic see
by the way these are Christmas program
so I hope they don't see and i'm also
not showing a lot of stuff because i got
a lot of free stuff for my husband
progresses and he wanted my video so i
can for me so i make sure i'm like in a
later video but i'm excited i have so
much stuff other things that i got like
hit him up this is all the stuff that I
got for my cats for free over the left
full month I got these Sheba meaty
tender thick white fish flavor and they
actually became like this and they tried
one and I gave it to him as a whole and
then I was like oh I have to break it up
so I broke it up and they just played
with it and my god i ended up eating it
so i don't know what the goal of a fat i
also got them these Pro Plan protein
crunch Pak snack and they got the Shiva
perfect proportion and for my dog she's
been going crazy with this box there's a
little hole in it and she sticks her
nose for it oh pretty funny anyways I
got the beneful husband weight and I got
three of those and Judy Warren because
she kind of way a little thing and I
also just got the new dish from Rachael
Ray that was real meat veggies and fruit
you in pain and I know my dog is going
to love this one because she's weird she
loves fruits and vegetables i made like
her favorite vegetable is Paris and then
I'll come over she lives with
blueberries and raspberries what the
heck that's her favorite food but she
gets that all the time she's kind of
spoiled I word it down to the last of
the box so um if you remember i do
disney movie rewards and this time i was
able to get to movies and actually
there's another one coming so when that
one comes I'm gonna save it and do an
opening with you so you can see yes
these are completely like I don't know
what I'm getting their mystery movies
and it's so fun so this time I got to
have a lab vol 3 and it's like the old
Mickey Mouse cartoons I mean when
Washington I was so cute fun and I also
got the Pixie Hollow game and I watched
this the other night when I can asleep
it's like a 30 minute movie it was so
cute I can't wait to show my face in the
other free me that I got but I did have
to pay shipping for um it was another
shutterfly book but I love these because
you get the book for only eight dollars
and normally they're like forty dollars
and so I did my family vacation we went
to San Diego and I mean look at that for
only a dollar so facing it's free but
then you just pay shipping and they are
good quality i have so many folks i love
them and the last thing that I have to
talk about is there's this website
called schoola and you go on there and
you can buy clothes or you can also give
them your clothes to sell and then they
give a percentage percentage of that
back to the school and so you get
clothes and the school gets money to
help the kid so it's really cool but I
was able with some credits that i got
and then i referred some people to get a
bunch of free clothes so i got this
believe shirt this cardigan this
sweatshirt
oh and a little button I got the
sweatshirt and then I got this shirt and
I got this cardigan that I'm wearing I
don't leave a pink one but it's in the
wash right now but i will leave the link
for this below and if you use my link
you should get ten dollars to spend and
then shipping is only 499 and sometimes
a free shipping so you can save your
credit and just wait oh it's great I so
that's all that I have for you and again
I just want to thank Riley imposter
sponsoring this video and guys please
please please go check them out I
promise you will not be disappointed I
love their summit is full oh good but
thanks again for watching and stay tuned
for my posh video yay my gaze